REVIEW Release Notes for Release 44.0
 
REVIEW is a 3270 fullscreen TSO command processor for MVS.
REVIEW also functions correctly under TSS on MSP systems.
 
The source for REVIEW is available on the CBT MVS tape,
and is in the public domain, as is the data contained herein.
 
The REVIEW home page and FAQ are can be accessed from
http://www.prycroft6.com.au
 
Bug reports welcome.
 
Enjoy.  GP@P6
Email - service2@prycroft6.com.au
For the current email address visit
http://www.prycroft6.com.au/contact.html
 
 
R26.0 notes:
 
This release has built-in support for the FSHELP and FSH aliases of HEL,
and includes the new 'FORMAT"/'FMT' and 'FMTVAR'/'FV' subcommands.
Note also that '=X' and '=CAN' are now valid member list subcommands.
 
 
R27.0 notes:
 
This release allows PDS searching with '=SEARCH' from the directory list.
Use '=HELP' to see what is available from the directory list.
REMEMBER - if any members are tagged then only these members will be
searched (or offloaded).  Use '=RESET' to untag all members.
 
 
R28.0 notes:
 
This release introduces the "point-and-shoot" capability
which is triggered by invoking REVIEW with no operands.
REVIEW does a read buffer to get the DSNAME under the
cursor.  This works from the TSO READY prompt (except
for Session Manager which updates the screen before
REVIEW gets control) and in fullscreen mode.
 
For best results under ISPF, set up a PF key with
         TSO REV) MODE(FSCR
exactly as shown above.
 
You also may wish to set up a REVIEW PF key with
         TSO REV
to allow point-and-shoot recursive REVIEWs.
 
Note that a recursive REVIEW with no operands is
terminated unless a point-and-shoot DSNAME is found.
This is to avoid TSO prompting with no ability to
interrupt out of it.
 
Also note that for point-and-shoot purposes, a
member name is NOT considered to be part of a DSNAME.
 
R28.1 allows the S member selection code even for
same-named members in a concatenation.
 
R28.2 restores the terminal to line mode when
"point 'n' shoot" can't process a data set.
Also, PF5/17 can now find the first member in
a member list if it is tagged.
 
R29.0 makes the FIND, F and FINDNOT subcommands case insensitive.
FINDCHR, FC and FCN remain case sensitive.
FINDPIC, FP and FPN have been added.  eg. FP ###  looks for 3 digits.
These commands can all be selected from the member list to search
the whole file (one or more PDSs).
A RACROUTE is now issued for non-pre-allocated non-VSAM data sets on
ACF2 systems to avoid leaving a data set allocated after a S913 abend.
(OPEN ABEND EXIT processing handles this for RACF systems since R26.0.)
The screen buffer has been enlarged so that REVIEW may now actually
work on a 62 by 160 screen (logic added 4 and a half years ago).
 
R29.1 no longer displays ?? under AC for unauthorized program objects.
 
R29.2 fixes case insensitive searches with ASCII ON.  Picture searches
are not allowed with ASCII ON.  Case insensitivity is ignored if there
are no alphabetics in the search argument, thus speeding up searches.
=SEARCH status indicators are improved.
 
R29.3 fixes ZAP IDR formatting when ESDID values are invalid.
 
R29.4 fixes recursion detection, fixes searching for data specified
with no trailing quote, and allows the use of double-quotes for
quoting strings.  Eg. FIND "=C'FRED',"
 
R29.5 enhances DEBUG output for diagnosis purposes.
 
R29.6 fixes 2 possible S0C4 problems with unexpectedly long input,
and allows finding a quote character.  Eg. FIND '    and FIND "
 
Note that REVSMF has minor updates for formatting CICS and STOTEK
silo (SLSS) SMF records.
 
R29.7 fixes SUB.  (SUBMIT still worked.)
 
R29.8 fixes RDW handling for non-VSAM DSECT formatting.
 
Note that REVSMF can extract some WLM service class statistics
from type 72 subtype 3 RMF SMF records.
 
R29.9 fixes an error handling QUERY TGET data lengths longer than 256
bytes.  The extra data length overlaid the display translate table
which caused corrupted data display and sometimes caused terminal
errors requiring TSO session cancellation.  (The reported observation
was with CM/2 terminal emulation under OS/2.)  And now a word about
IDRs in load modules:
     Data from IDRs is formatted when REVIEWing associated CESD
     blocks (when scrolled right past the block itself) and when
     REVIEWING the IDRs themselves.  Translation and User IDRs
     are each a single logical record which can be spanned over
     many physical records.  For these 2 types only the last entry
     is formatted so that for simple load modules with few CSECTS
     you do not have to scroll right much, if at all.  For load
     modules with many CSECTs it is best to view the CESDs to get
     translation and IDENTIFY details pertaining to each ESD.  This
     data comes from the IDRs located after the CESDs.  Therefore
     the data can only be displayed if scrolling down to these IDRs
     has occurred.  For simple load modules the first screenful is
     usually sufficient, while for the nucleus, for example, one has
     to scroll down hundreds of lines before scrolling up again to
     get the formatted data.  (Caching of records does not occur in
     pre-XA systems so only data from blocks on the screen can be
     formatted.)  Only one ESD per CESD record is formatted per
     page, so left/right scrolling across a 15-page area is required
     to see all formatted ESDs in a many-CSECTed program (because
     a CESD can have data about up to 15 ESDs).  (Individual ZAP
     IDR entries are formatted 2 to a page, and also use left/right
     scrolling to access different entries.)  R29.9 fixes a logic
     error formatting IDR data for ESD entries.  After the screen
     records were processed the last screen record was processed
     again from cache, upsetting the assembly of the logical record.
     A design capacity limitation is still evident when looking at
     a couple of programs from SYS1.LINKLIB (such as ARCCTL) causing
     display errors when many (hundreds) CSECTs were compiled in the
     same compilation run.  This is not a problem for the nucleus.
     The link edit IDR is a fixed-length fixed-format record formatted
     by REVIEW.  OW29593 adds 4 bytes (the time in packed decimal) to
     it.  R29.9 should now format this IDR layout also.  Since the
     binder "name" is in plain text, the name will be replaced by the
     HH:MM:SS of the bind when the data of this extended IDR is broken
     out.
R29.9 should also fix a couple of bugs in formatting IMS details.
Personally, I blame bitrot to code not tested in 10 years.
 
R30.0 adds "jump from leader dots" where a member can be selected
by placing the cursor on a member list dot without actually typing
the S member selection code.  A VTOC can now be REVIEWed by specifying
the quoted data set name 'FORMAT4.DSCB' and supplying a volume serial
number with the VOLUME operand.  While REVIEWing a VTOC the format-1
DSCBs can be formatted with the FORMAT ON subcommand.  Support for the
logical PARMLIB service of OS/390 1.2 (and later) is accessed by a
request to REVIEW the PARMLIB file when no PARMLIB file is allocated.
(ie. REV PARMLIB F)
 
R30.1 fixes a bug where issuing a command RECALL on a wide screen
caused all data except the recalled command to be cleared from the
screen.  This was caused by calculating the buffer start address
for the wide screen, but leaving the end address for an 80-column
screen.  This made the end address less than the start address, so
an attempt to clear the primary input area cleared to the end of the
screen and wrapped around to clear the top of the screen.
 
R30.2 fixes a S0C4 abend caused by an incorrect attempt to restore
the primary command in the TSO ECT after a HELP session had ended.
This was most obvious on recursive HELPs with missing HELP data.
 
R30.3 fixes recursive REVIEW prompting problems by turning off
fullscreen mode, thus allowing line mode replies to prompts.
The STTMPMD macros were commented out to allow the receiving of
messages while in REVIEW under OS/390 2.4.  These can now be
reactivated for later releases, but probably only have an effect
if TSO/E Session Manager is used.  One user complained that the
directory area wasn't big enough for a specific PDS so it has been
increased from 512K to 768K.  The "cocktail-shaker" improvement to
bubble sort was added for some fixed-offset sorts for PDS directory
sorting to provide some modest but perceptible sort time reductions.
 
R31.0 provides PDS facilities accessible from the directory display
screen.
=SETFILE allows the setting of the output DDname, so it can
be changed from SYSUT2.  (This has no effect on the CUT and ADD
subcommands of "REVIEW-proper".)
=DELINK can now be used to invoke DELINKI to delink load modules.
=OFFLOAD can now offload load modules to fixed-length 80-byte records.
=PDSLOAD can invoke REVLMOD or PDSLOAD (depending on PDS RECFM) to
reload offloaded members.
=HELP screen split into 2 screens.
REVSMF no longer link-edited into REVIEW.  REVSMF made RMODE=ANY.
 
R32.0 adds ZIP and PCX file handling.  ZIP directories can be formatted
if the ZIP file is a DASD sequential file.  ASEXZIPD from ASE can be
invoked to unzip data.  <http://www.ase.com.au>  Unzipped data can be
REVIEWed and CUT to an output file.  1-bit, 4-bit and 8-bit single-plane
Paintbrush (ZSoft's PCX file format) can be rendered on a 3270 graphics
TSO terminal.  Character (raster) graphics done by REVIEW.  GDDM called
for vector graphics terminals.  (GDDM base now part of OS/390.  Put the
SADMMOD data set in the linklist.)  PICDATA allows the porting of a
picture into other Assembler 3270 applications.  DIV improved a bit for
ZIP file data handling - previously overhead increased exponentially
with record number.  (DIV here is REVIEW's internal record caching.)
 
R32.1 fixes IMS ACBLIB offset bugs and adds Y2K windowing for IMS
ACBLIBs which only use 3 bytes (YYDDDF) for the date.
 
R32.2 fixes 'PDSE' literal overlaying RMODE=24 program size total,
and using the wrong register to branch after a zip file error.
Recognition of low-level qualifiers now handles mixed case.
 
R32.3 handles 8K and 16K DB2 pages sizes.
 
R33.0 adds the 'H' member selection code to show program history.
For PDS load modules this is the same as 'S' and scrolling right.
For PDSE program objects IEWBFDAT is invoked and the results
(as opposed to the actual member contents) are REVIEWed.
 
R34.0 replicates nearly all of the PDS facilities for HFS files
including REVIEW/EDIT/BROWSE, global SEARCH, program history,
directory SORT, and entry tagging.  ZIP files are recognised if they
are HFS files.  HFS PCX files are recognised.  (NULL) is now not
shown for zero-length records unless HEX or FMT is on.  LRECL=X
is now supported up to 65535 bytes long.  DB2 rows are now only
extracted when the first page is recognised as a header page, and then
any page size should now be handled correctly (assuming it is a
multiple of 4K).  The slash ('/') selection code was added (for HFS
and PDS/PDSE) to allow the "specification" of the DATA operand at the
member or HFS file level.  '/' can be used to inhibit the default
processing of ZIP and PCX files.  HFS explorer like navigation is
done by selecting a subdirectory to make the current directory, or
PF3 up to parent directory.  PF3 from Root ends REVIEW.  Example:
   REVIEW /etc/dce  QUICK
BUT no operands are allowed so REVIEW attempts to show directory
'/etc/dce  QUICK/' which gets a RC=00000081 RSN=055E0072 because
it doesn't exist.  So, PF3 which REVIEWs directory '/etc/' with
the display positioned to 'dce'.  <NEWLINE> and <ENTER> selects
the 'dce' subdirectory so REVIEW now shows '/etc/dce/'.
 
R34.1 fixes the S0C9 abend when the 'SMF' command is issued.
 
 
REVIEW has several built-in formats which are pre-coded examples of
the general DSECT formatting capability.
 
**VTOC** - formats DSCB-1 records.  (DS1SMSFG improved with R34.0).
           Activate with FMT (or FMT ON) when REVIEWing a VTOC.
 
*DB2TBL* - shows full Row-ID (RID) of extracted DB2 rows.
           Automatically activated.
 
*ZIPFILE - formats ZIP central directory records.
           Automatically activated.
 
*OBJHIST - formats data extracted by REVIEW from Binder API calls.
           Automatically activated.
 
 
"Normal" REVIEWing of data is performed by the REVIEW2 CSECT.
This operates in 24-bit addressing mode, unless an HFS file is being
REVIEWed, whereupon REVIEW2 receives control from REVHFS in 31-bit
addressing mode.  All USS calls are done with AMODE=31.  REVHFS
provides routines for READ, CHECK, NOTE and POINT which are pointed
to by a fake DCB which is used by the standard BSAM macros in REVIEW2.
All Binder dialogs (Fast Data Access for PDSEs; full API for HFS)
take place with AMODE=31.  ISPLINK is invoked with AMODE=31 for HFS
files, and AMODE=24 for PDS/PDSE members.  GDDM is called with AMODE=31.
 
 
R35.0 provides another replication of directory processing, this time
for unconcatenated PDSE program object data sets.  The REVIEW CSECT
passes control to REVPDSE instead of REVPODIR when a single PDSE with
RECFM=U is being REVIEWed.  REVPDSE checks that it is a program object
library - if not control is transferred to REVPODIR.  If it is REVPDSE
performs all directory, formatting and command handling.  Why this
duplication?  Because REVPDSE (actually cloned from REVHFDIR) can
display long alias names, as well as program object-only attributes
which can be accessed by DESERV like date/time/job, Program Management
version, DLL enablement, etc.  Because REVPDSE only processes program
object libraries a few "normal" facilities are not available, such as
delinking, offloading and edit.  And because there are no output
facilities there is no =SETFILE command.  Each of the three directory
processors (REVPODIR, REVHFDIR and REVPDSE) has its own set of help
panels accessed with '=?' or '=HELP'.  REVPODIR was designed to fit
details from as many members as possible into its internal storage,
and would require a rewrite to handle long member names.  REVPODIR
has several entry formats for use with different member types.
REVHFDIR and REVPDSE have fixed-format internal entries with a
variable-length name at the end.  REVHFDIR acquires 128K (with LOC=ANY)
which is retained until the end of the REVIEW session.  REVPODIR and
REVPDSE acquire from 8K to 768K (variable GETMAIN) below the line.
After the directory has been read unused space is freed.  As a result,
for REVPODIR and REVPDSE an =REFRESH causes the whole area to be freed,
reacquired, and excess freed (so there is room for any new members).
When a long member name (which must therefore be an alias) is selected
for REVIEW or BROWSE, the real member name (maximum 8 bytes long) is
passed to REVIEW2 or ISPF, as appropriate.
 
DESERV code is executed with AMODE=31 for access to GET_ALL buffers
returned above the line.  The RMODE=24 program size total on the END
line of the member list only includes RMODE=24 segments of program
objects with more than one segment.  (I believe "more than one" means
"two".  That is, I don't think a program can have more than two
segments (currently).)
 
On a OS/390 2.7 system with DFSMS 1.5, pointing SYSLMOD to a PDSE
yields a PM3 object.  Copying a load module to a PDSE yields a PM1
object.  When copying to a PDS with ISPF option 3.3 copy the real
member first, then its aliases (without leaving the member list) to
avoid orphan aliases.  When copying to a PDSE, select the real member
AND all its aliases BEFORE pressing ENTER.
 
REVSRCH was given a parameter list so it does not have to be aware of
the working storage structure of REVPODIR and REVPDSE.  REVHFDIR does
not use the parameter list because it drives the searching of HFS files.
When called from REVPDSE, REVSRCH always uses the real member name, but
for PDSEs the results are the same (because PDSEs cannot have orphan
aliases).
 
REVIEW is 20 years old this month (19 Jan 2001).  Happy Birthday!
 
       And thank you, Bill, for writing it.
 
 
R36.0 adds things in these areas:                         2002-January
(1) TSO command management;
(2) memory management.
(3) parallel sessions;
(4) ISPF dialog;
(5) UNIX file symbolic links.
 
(1) TSO command feedback is improved by reporting any non-zero return
code or abend code in the top line message after the command has ended.
Also, for systems without TSO/E, the TSO command is invoked by ATTACH
with SZERO=NO to insulate REVIEW from abends by the TSO command, and to
avoid abends when the TSO command does not restore registers properly.
This is mainly aimed at MVS 3.8 systems because TSOEXEC (supplied by
TSO/E) already provides this protection.
 
(2) SZERO=NO has been added to all ATTACH calls by REVIEW subroutines to
maximise memory clean-up by the system after a utility has been called.
FREEPOOL macros have been added after all QSAM CLOSE macros.  This has
been done to conserve region storage which can be exhausted by several
recursive REVIEW sessions, mainly observed on 3.8.
 
(3) The SWAP command has been added.  This transforms nested REVIEW
sessions started by TSO REV or FSH commands inside REVIEW/FSHELP into
parallel sessions.  This makes the sessions accessible without the need
to terminate more recent sessions.  SWAP LIST can be used to list the
accessible sessions.  This SWAP processing has nothing to do with
the SWAP of ISPF.
 
(4) In some cases, REVIEW can be run as an ISPF application.  The
significant work of adding dialog support to the directory displays
has not been done, so only files without directories can be REVIEWed
in an ISPF display.  So, PDSs, PDSEs, HFS files and partitioned
subsystem data sets are excluded.  DSORG=PS,IS,DA,VS data sets can
have their data shown by REVIEW in an ISPF display.  ISPF split screen
processing is then available, and ISPF handles the TSO subcommand.
 
Prerequistes:  1. Install REVPANEL to ISPPLIB.
               2. Install REVPROF to ISPPROF.
               3. Run on MVS/ESA or later.
 
Separate from the REVIEW ISPF dialog aspect, other changes are:
 
(a) When the OS is OS/390 2.10 or later REVIEW will use the new ISPF
variables to access the data set name under the cursor for "point and
shoot" invocations rather than relying on ISPF's internal structure
to find the screen image and cursor location.  This has the added
benefit of not requiring the MODE(FSCR specification.
 
(b) Also under OS/390 2.10 or later in an ISPF environment REVIEW will
access ISPF variables to determine extended colour, highlighting and
graphic escape support instead of issuing a Read Partition (Query)
to the terminal.  This means (i) that REVIEW will initialize faster,
and (ii) REVIEW will not render Paintbrush pictures.
 
REVIEW now has an 'XISPMODE' (or 'X' for short) operand which causes
REVIEW to revert to pre-R36.0 behaviour in terms of data display
(ISPF will not be used) and determining screen attributes (a Query
will be performed if appropriate, thus making available any graphics
capabilities which would allow the rendering of picture images).
 
(5) When looking at UNIX directories, if the directory entry is a
symbolic link then the link value is shown in green.  This should
assist UNIX file administration because it can now be seen which files
are "real" and which are accessed via symbolic substitution.
 
 
R36.1, R36.2, R36.3 and R36.4 were small bug fixes in the main.
 
R36.5 changes ZIP directory formatting to handle 10 decimal digits for
the compressed and uncompressed file sizes, which is the required
number of digits to report any value of an unsigned fullword.
 
R36.5 also adds the 'A' selection code for UNIX files, which instructs
REVIEW to treat the selected file as an ASCII text file.  Not only is
ASCII-to-EBCDIC translation activated, but the end of line trigger
is changed from the EBCDIC New Line (NL=x'15') to the ASCII Line Feed
(LF=x'0A').  If the LF is immediately preceded by a carriage return
(CR=x'0D') then it is also not shown in the display.
 
R36.6 fixes subsystem allocation which was probably broken years ago
when support was added to REVIEW VTOCs when the data set name of
'FORMAT4.DSCB' was specified.  Bug reported by David Welles.
 
R36.7 fixes IKT00405I SCREEN ERASURE CAUSED BY ERROR RECOVERY PROCEDURE
after an ISPF Edit or Browse changes the screen to a smaller size
and then REVIEW tries to write data to the larger size.  Bug reported
by Mark Zelden who also reported a bug in REVSMF when formatting SMF
type 250 (TSOMON) records: an S0C4 in REVSMF would occur because the
target of an MVC instruction loading a literal used R7 as the base
instead of R6.
 
 
R37 notes
 
R37.0 implements a major internal reoganisation.          2003-October
 
Much of the triplicated code from the directory handlers has been unified
into commonly callable routines.  Several facilities only available while in
in "REVIEW data mode" are now available from directory displays as well.
Examples of such facilities include the TSO and SWAP commands, the ability
to set PFK values, and the ability to run as an ISPF dialog.
 
The list of CSECTs making up the REVIEW command processor are:
 
REVIEW   - entry point to perform parsing and initialisation.
REVIEW2  - main "browse file data" processor.
REVPCL   - REVIEW TSO parsing parameters.
HELPCL   - FSHELP TSO parsing parameters.
REVPDS   - formerly REVPODIR - format, display and navigate PDS directories.
REVSORTE - PDS directory sort enhancer.
REVALCO  - allocate and serialize sequential output file.
REVDALO  - free and deq sequential output file.
REVOFFLD - sequentialize PDS members.
REVSRCH  - search PDS members for data.
REVISPF  - invoke ISPF Edit, Browse or View functions.
REVLOAD  - invoke PDSLOAD or REVLMOD to load new PDS members.
REVDLNK  - invoke DELINKI to delink load modules.
REVDIV   - cache reviewed data in virtual storage.
REVPNS   - determine point-and-shoot data set name.
REVHIST  - invoke Binder to show program history.
REVIMAGE - show picture using raster graphics.
REVGDDM  - show picture using vector graphics.
REVUNIX  - formerly REVHFDIR - format, display and navigate UNIX directories,
           manage UNIX file search, and set up for UNIX data REVIEW.
REVPDSE  - format, display and navigate PDSE program library directory.
REVHEAD  - clear screen buffer and initialize common first 2 lines.
REVCOMM  - perform all TSO terminal communication using ISPF or TPUT/TGET.
REVMSGS  - house and retrieve common fullscreen messages.
 
FINDHEX, FINDCHR and FINDPIC (and their respective FINDNOT commands) have
been dispensed with in favour of specifying the search argument in an
ISPF-like manner.
 
FIND and FINDNOT can now have a search column range specified, as well as
one of the PREFIX, SUFFIX and WORD keywords specified.
 
PDS(E) and UNIX files-in-a-directory SEARCH can exploit the new FIND options.
 
VIEW has been added to the EDIT and BROWSE repetoire for invoking ISPF services.
 
REVLMOD has been enhanced to use linkage editor serialisation
(QNAME=SYSIEWLP) when updating load libraries to improve data integrity.
 
REVIEW has been enhanced to use ISPF serialisation (QNAME=SPFEDIT) when
updating sequential or partitioned data sets.
 
Directory display subcommands no longer have the '=' prefix, and primary
input text is no longer interpreted as a LOCATE request specification.
 
Directory displays no longer have a separate set of PFK values hard-coded.
A SORT command is available to request the sorting of directory entries.
 
Some commands such as TSO, =X, KEYS and HELP will behave differently when
REVIEW is running as an ISPF dialog because these commands will be
processed by ISPF.
 
 
R38 notes
 
R38.0 implements REVEDIT - the REVIEW Editor.             2004-May
 
The REVEDIT CSECT has been added to supply an editor for PDS members
and sequential data sets.  The 'U' member selection code and the
'UPDATE' primary command will invoke REVEDIT, as will the 'E' member
selection code and the 'EDIT' primary command when REVIEW is not
running in an ISPF environment.  Various other bug fixes are also
included.
 
The TSO HELP now has several members.  REVEDIT has its own HELP member
as does each of the three directory displays.  John Kalinich has kindly
coded up numerous ISPF tutorial panels which can be displayed when a
HELP command is processed by ISPF.
 
This release also sees the introduction of the REVGEN source member
which sets the values of switches used during conditional assembley.
With the appropriate settings in REVGEN, REVIEW can be assembled on
MVS 3.8 using the Tachyon Legacy Assembler and the SYS1.MACLIB and
SYS1.AMODGEN macro libraries from that MVS.
 
See http://www.tachyonsoft.com/ for the Tachyon Assembler.
Macros for BASSM and BSM are required under MVS 3.8 to assemble REVIEW.
 
REVEDIT can use a data space to hold data while it is being edited.
A data space can grow to 2GB subject to customisation by IEFUSI.
REVGEN can be set so that REVEDIT will use the user region to hold
the data - obviously a necessity for MVS 3.8 and other pre-ESA systems.
 
R38.1 fixes a few bugs such as REVIEW accessing new extents after
an UPDATE increased the size of the data set, REVEDIT SAVE handling
erased sequence numbers, and ERR being a valid abbreviation for
ERROR on a REVEDIT LOCATE command.  Other changes include the removal
of the DDname operand of CUT and APPEND in favour of presenting a
panel to specify a data set name, and the addition of the COPY command
in REVEDIT.  A "point-and-shoot" REVIEW also now works when triggered
from a REVEDIT session.
 
R38.2 fixes a few bugs such as an S0C4 when initializing as an ISPF
application under SDSF, and fixing the home location of the cursor on
screens with more than 80 columns.  A member list sort can now be
triggered by placing the cursor on a column heading (as suggested by
John K.) - eligible headings have underscores.  The effective uid will
be set to 0 (superuser), RACF permitting, to improve access by REVIEW to
directories and files (as suggested by Mark Zelden).  The original
effective uid is restored by the time any ISPF services are invoked.
REVPANEL now has extra attribute codes to allow the display of data
with GE(ON) explicitly requested.
 
R38.3 fixes the problem where a cursor-triggered member sort did not
occur when the end of the member list was on the screen.  Also, the
Binder API processing was cosmetically changed during diagnosis for
problems reported in IBM APARs OA08880 (ABEND0C4) and OA09299 (RC8
REASON CODE 1080003A) which are relevant for z/OS 1.5 and 1.6.
Thanks to Mark Zelden for detecting and reporting the bugs to IBM.
 
R38.4 fixes an S0C4 abend after VSAM OPEN failure - now the return
and reason codes are displayed properly as before - must have been
bitrot in a recent release.
 
R38.5 fixes two problems with REVEDIT:
- an intermittent S0C4 processing line commands.
- unreliable matching by FIND when PREFIX, SUFFIX or WORD is specified,
  especially when ALL is also specified.
 
R38.6 fixes an S0C4 when the editor initialises after data was found
in the browser.
 
 
R39 notes
 
R39.0 implements syntax colouring for Assembler and JCL.  2004-December
 
The 'HILITE' (or 'HI') REVEDIT subcommand has been added to control
whether syntax highlighting is to be activated or not.  The HILITE
setting is saved in the profile if one exists.
 
The 'UPDATE' (or 'UPD') operand of 'LOCATE' has been added so that
lines updated in the current edit session can be located.  This operand
(unlike the other non-numeric operands of LOCATE) is not compatible
with ISPF's Edit.
 
R39.1 fixes an S0C4 when HEX ON is used with records which do not reach
the end of the screen line - the terminating attribute byte code was
being moved into the edited data array corrupting a pointer instead of
to the screen buffer.  Bug reported by John H. Keith.
 
R39.2 makes improvements to PDS-member/UNIX-file searches performed
from directory entry list displays.
 
Firstly, the standard PDS directory display now can perform searches
for lowercase strings - this was just a plain bug.
 
Secondly, another bug where the picture attribute of the search was
not reset for a non-picture search after a picture search is fixed.
 
And thirdly, non-picture case-insensitive searches have been sped up
to (practically) match the performance of non-picture case-sensitive
searches.  This is achieved by the simple expedient of translating
the whole record to uppercase once after it is read instead of for
each compare, thus making simple compares adequate to find the data.
Note that this does not speed up normal FIND command processing as the
data must be kept untranslated for display and other processing.
 
R39.3 changes behaviour/output as follows:
- EREP formatting will display the STCK value in hex if the system
  does not have the STCKCONV facility (ie. is pre-SP4), and system
  abend code digits have been reduced from 4 to 3.  Also, garbage
  will no longer be left in column 81.
- Fix intermittent incorrect numeric data such as VV.MM when showing
  member details - this occurred for some members and not others when
  shown on some screen lines but not others.
- A new 'M' selection code is implemented to display a module map
  for program objects (both PDSE and UNIX, but not PDS).  (The *OBJMAP*
  and *OBJESD* internal formats are used to display the results.)
- REVEDIT will no longer loop (or perhaps abend) when an I line command
  is on the screen while a move/copy is pending, and autoinsert will no
  longer occur if the cursor is in the line number field of the line.
 
Since the demise of JCC the MINIZIP and MINIUNZ load modules are now
included in the executable program library.
 
R39.4 adds support for VSAM Extended Addressable access, although
REVIEW only supports up to 1TB with this change.  Also, RLS=NRI is
now specified internally to maximize access to data controlled by RLS.
 
 
R40 notes
 
R40.0 implements REVED and REVOUT.                        2006-April
 
REVED is simply an alias of REVIEW to initiate the edit of a sequential
data set (instead of having to browse it with REVIEW and issue the EDIT
or UPDATE primary command).  The other main difference of REVED is that
the meaning of the 'S' selection code for PDS members is to request the
member be edited with REVEDIT instead of being browsed with REVIEW.
 
REVOUT provides a fullscreen interface to TSO FIB commands so that they
can be used to give QUEUE-like or SDSF-like access to job output that
is independent of the level of MVS and Job Entry Subsystem in use.
Function depends on the SYSOUTTRAP facility and uses the CLIST called
REVOUTJB which should be installed into SYSPROC.
 
MVS 3.8 users who wish to use REVOUT may be interested in usermods from
http://www.prycroft6.com.au/vs2mods which add CLIST function including
SYSOUTTRAP (ZP60014), and which alter JES2 (ZP60015) and TSO STATUS
(ZP60016) so that the TSO STATUS command without any operand returns
the status of all jobs with names of the TSO user's id plus zero, one,
two and three extra characters (up to a maximum length of eight).  A
JES3 version of the ZP60015 usermod would be needed to provide similar
function in a JES3 environment.
 
This release also rolls up bug fixes originally intended for R39.5,
most notably those debugged by Steven Becquer of Miami-Dade County
Public Schools I.T.S.
 
CSECTs for PDSEs and UNIX have been moved from the REVSUBS source
member to a new REVSUBS2 source member.
 
REVALCO (which is called for SEQLOAD and OFFLOAD from the member list,
and CUT and APPEND from data REVIEW) has been changed such that if
the specified output data set name cannot be found it will be created.
It will be a sequential data set if no member name was supplied, or
a PDS with 20 directory blocks if a member name was supplied.  In most
cases the new data set's DCB will match that of the data set being
REVIEWed.
 
R40.1 changes:
- correct DMB size count for IMS V6 and V7.
- ignore DATA operand for REVED command (do not edit PDS directory).
- prevent S0C4 abend of REVOUT if REVOUTJB CLIST is not installed.
 
R40.2 changes:
- display found data hidden by ISPF split screen.
- general fixes to scrolling.
 
 
 
R41 notes
 
R41.0 rolls up changes from 40.3 onwards.                 2007-November
 
Apart from bug fixes, the main changes include:
- show step name and CPU time of active jobs in REVOUT.
- extract pictures from most types of uncompressed Windows/OS2 bitmaps.
- use native 3270 vector graphics when available to show pictures.
- session id numbers are now fixed and not relative to current screen.
- current session id shown as blue superscript if session is nested.
- cursor position saved and restored across SWAP commands.
- make Edit the default selection action for the REVED command.
- generate cursor autoselect 'S' only if no primary command.
- improve TSO logic to not finish calling CLIST after subcommand CLIST.
- suppress screen size switch if screen size already has 80 columns.
- use PDS member DIV caching now only of RECFM=U - the main purpose
  is to allow CESD formatting show IDR details - now also for pre-XA.
 
R41.0 enhancements to REVEDIT include:
- add TF and TS line commands.
- add SORT primary command.
- add CREATE and REPLACE primary commands.
- colon command prefix applies command to current line. eg. :TS
- support ASM highlighting of source code in a jobstream.
 
R41.0 enhancements for MVS 3.8 also include:
 
REVSMF can now format data from MF/1 records (types 70->74).
Of the SMF records produced by MVS 3.8, only types 73 and 74
from MF/1 seem to be sensitive to left/right scrolling.
 
As of R41.0 REVIEW will override the LRECL of SYS1.MANX and
SYS1.MANY of one thousand with ten thousand because MF/1 can write
records longer than one thousand bytes.  REVIEW will continue
to override the blocksize of SYS1.LOGREC of 40 with 1944.
 
 
R41.1 changes REVEDIT to avoid S0C4 abend after a TF line command
in ESA (data space) mode, and also adds minor improvements to
JCL syntax highlighting.
 
 
R41.2 fixes some things serious (like S0C4 moving lines to before the
current top of screen) and not so serious (like the new members added
by a PDSLOAD into an empty PDS can be seen without having to scroll
up), and also adds some features.
 
REVEDIT can now be invoked in VIEW mode (where data set serialization
is not performed and SAVE is disabled) and REVEDIT also now supports
UNDO and REDO by employing a recovery data set called
prefix.REVEDIT#.BACKUP where # is the screen number.
 
Note that recovery is manual, but can be performed by REVIEWing the
recovery data set, using NEWTOP to access deleted members if the
existing member is corrupt - not that it should be, using CUT to
copy the records to a new data set, and editing the new data set
and shifting all data to the left to restore proper data alignment.
 
The recovery data set should be deleted to re-enable UNDO/REDO
(and recovery) for that screen session number.
 
UNDO OFF is available to stop undo/recovery processing if you find
it is adding too much to response time.  And then there is UNDO ON
for when you find that the overhead isn't so bad after all.
 
 
R41.3 fixes an error where the editor tries to move 8 bytes into 4 bytes
when only 4 were needed.  Because it was at the end of a page (most of
the time) the result could be harmless, a mysterious storage overlay,
or an S0C4 abend.
 
 
R41.4 fixes an S0C4 abend encountered after an UNDO was requested and
the post-UNDO display position was not Top-of-Data (as in UP MAX).
(If the post-UNDO display position was line zero there was no problem.)
 
A check of the ISPF panel dynamic area size during initialization
(testing that it matched expected results based on the screen size)
has been removed in the hope that this allows more ISPF application
REVIEW sessions on wide screens.
 
 
R41.5 fixes several basic bugs.  When a block was excluded which
incorporated the current top display line REVEDIT lost track of, well,
reality, so things like line numbers became corrupt.  LOCATE by line
number was fixed as it was just plain wrong with excluded lines
because it invoked UP or DOWN scrolling which count display lines, not
data records.
 
As well as OFF, JCL, ASM and AUTO, now PLI, CLIST and DATA are valid
operands of HILITE or HI.  Slash-asterisk ... asterisk-slash comments
are now highlighted as such, PL/I column 1 and pre-processor statements
are shown in blue, and Assembler labels can now have non-trailing
ampersands in other than the first position not flagged as an error.
 
A leading *PROCESS statement with a semicolon is taken to indicate
PL/I source, while one without a semicolon is taken to indicate
Assembler source.  MAR or MARGINS is not yet parsed.
 
JCL validation has been extended in some areas.  The REGION parameter
on EXEC and JOB statements is validated mainly to detect post-XA
values on pre-XA systems.
 
For JCL DD statements, plain data set names are validated and
underscored if cataloged and shown in blue if not cataloged.  If a
single volume is specified without parentheses it is length-checked,
and for MVS/370 systems an attempt is made to see if it is an online
DASD volume.  If it is online it is underscored, and its generic
device type designation is shown in that line's command area at the
left of the screen.
 
There is no cross-checking with the catalog entry vs VOL=SER in the JCL,
nor with the volume device type vs the UNIT value in the JCL.
 
 
R41.6 changes include:
- REVEDIT backup file now uses the userid as the high-level qualifier
when PROFILE NOPREFIX is in effect.  (Reported/suggested by Sam K.)
- Screen size now set from ISPF panel size.  (Reported by John K.)
- REVOUT will now display some rudimentry Assembler syntax highlighting
when showing Assembler listings.  (Requested by Tom Armstong.)
- Program object PDSE directory display now
  - has more SORT types (idea by Charles MacNiven).
  - shows PM sublevel in superscript (or lower case if ever over 9).
- Done some work on implementing an INFO subcommand.
 
 
R41.7 fixes operation as an ISPF application broken when trying to
handle the case when the line mode screen size (as returned by STSIZE)
is different from the fullscreen screen size (as reflected in the
dimensions of the ISPF panel).  The undocumented global subcommand
of 'CDE' or 'JPA' has been added.
 
 
R41.8 fixes:
- REVOUT Assembler listing syntax highlighting for wide screen.
- REVEDIT CREATE/REPLACE creating corrupt SPF statistics.
- REVEDIT CREATE/REPLACE RECFM=V not copying first selected record.
- screen size not switching for pre-coded 80-column displays.
- UNZIP temp unit of 3380 - now 3390 followed by SYSALLDA for retry.
  (It was VIO originally, but large zips could cause auxiliary
  storage shortages on under-configured pre-SMS systems.)
 
 
R41.9 fixes:
- 'CHANGE ALL' missed occurrences of the FIND string after syntax
  highlighting housekeeping used the dynamic translate table work
  area thus overlaying the TRT table used by CHANGE.
- REVHIST setup for PDSEs just checked that DIV was initialized
  (as it used to be not so long ago) and if it wasn't issued the
  '"REVIEW" internal storage exhausted' message.  Now REVHIST
  will issue the DIV GETMAIN call for PDSEs as it does for UNIX.
 
 
 
R42 notes
 
R42.0 adds support for DSNTYPE=LARGE data sets.           2008-September
 
 
R42.1 changes:
- Fix locating a ZIP archive's central directory for DSNTYPE=LARGE.
- Add the 'RTF' subcommand to output coloured print files in RTF
  format.
- Enhance Assembler listing syntax highlighting to show literals in
  white as REVEDIT syntax highlighting does.
- Add the 'D' PDS member selection code so that members can be deleted
  from the PDS member selection display such that they can be restored
  with an 'R' selection.  This is only supported for unconcatenated
  PDSs and not PDSEs (because the restore does not work for PDSEs).
- Enhance the 'R' PDS member selection code to restore members
  deleted with a 'D'.
- Fix various cosmetic glitches.
- Fix PDSE 'H' errors caused by erroneous DIV processing.
- Various internal reorganizational changes such as moving the RECALL
  stack from the @DATA area and placing it into an area which is
  shared by all parallel sessions, and removing the code to transfer
  the RECALL stack ownership during logical screen SWAP processing.
  Another example is suppressing DIV processing during searches of
  program libraries - no point caching data for a single scan - which
  was sometimes a source of abends during such searches.
- Add the undocumented 'TCB' (alias 'RB') command.
 
 
R42.2 changes:
- Highlight PL/I source code in editor according to character code
  points, and report unbalanced parentheses as syntax errors.
- Allow REVOUT to run as an ISPF application.
 
 
R42.3 changes:
- Add the 'SCRNAME' command to assign a new name to the logical
  screen session.
- The optional operand of the 'SWAP' subcommand can now be 'NEXT',
  'PREV' or a session name, in addition to 'LIST' or a session id
  (decimal number) that were previously allowed.
- The default value of PF9 is changed from 'SWAP' to 'SWAP NEXT'.
- An attempt is made to name logical screen sessions automatically.
  Names used are OUT (for REVOUT), HELP (for FSHELP) and the last
  data set name qualifier (if fewer than three qualifiers exist)
  or the second-last data set name qualifier (if more than two
  qualifiers exist).  Names shorter than eight characters will have a
  digit (2 - 9) appended to prevent duplicate session names.  A name
  will be left blank rather than creating a duplicate non-blank name.
- The concurrent or parallel session count limit is increased
  from 8 to 16.
- Add the 'N' PDS member selection code which allows a new name
  to be assigned to an unconcatenated PDS or data PDSE member.
  The user is prompted to supply the new name when the selection
  code is processed.  Member names containing commas, imbedded
  blanks, or code points less than a blank are rejected (message
  will just say REQUEST CANCELLED).  The 26 English letters will
  be folded to upper case.  Apart from these restrictions any
  other code point you can type in will be used as supplied in the
  new member name.  Null or blank input, or input entered with a
  key other than the <enter> key will also cause the request to be
  cancelled.
- Fix to serialization bug (not supplying the data set name to ENQ
  correctly)  which allowed a member to be deleted, restored or
  renamed while it was being edited.
- REVEDIT (Edit and View) is changed to show the search match that
  the cursor has been positioned to in reverse video, as is done
  by REVIEW (Browse).
- The PL/I source margins columns are extracted from the 'SORMGIN',
  'MAR' or 'MARGINS' settings from leading '*PROCESS' and '%PROCESS'
  statements for syntax highlighting purposes.
 
 
 
R43 notes
 
R43.0 introduces RFE - the "REVIEW Front End".            2010-March
 
RFE is a menu framework to allow navigation to the various components
of the package.  The initial menu options are:
D - "REVLEV" - the data set list utility which is a bit "3.4-ish".
O - "REVOUT" - to access spooled output which is a bit
               "QUEUE meets 3.8-ish".
T - "REVTSO" - which is a bit "6-ish".
This may change to a numerical scheme later if enough other options
materialize.
 
To assist RFE operations, the default for PFK2 is now 'SPLIT' which is
a new global subcommand equivalent to 'TSO RFE'.  Note that an initial
RFE option can be specified as an operand of 'SPLIT'.
 
Architecturally, this release sees all BSM and BASSM instructions
removed from the package.  All code is now intended to run in the
31-bit addressing mode under z/OS, although the code has yet to be
compiled and tested under z/OS at the time of writing.
 
RFE is mainly to aid use under MVS/370, and so the 370 version is
being released first.
 
The source for the main load module has increased from 49.3 KLOC to
57.8 KLOC.  As well as new CSECTs delivering new function, a few
fixes were also implemented, including:
- Add EADSCB=OK settings.
- Reactivate DIV PDS member data caching under FSHELP to stabilize
  scrolling when )I member inclusion is used.
- Add extended ISPF stats recognition (but not necessarily digestion).
- Preserve seconds in timestamp when processing ISPF stats.
- Recognize and handle ZIP archives in PDS members.
- When exiting from a REVIEW of a zipped file, scroll to place
  that file at the top of the zip directory display, instead of
  always reshowing the zip directory from the top, which was *very*
  annoying when a ZIP archive contains many screensful of file names.
- Fix "fastpath" which was broken and always reported I/O errors.
  It might have been broken by the DSNTYPE=LARGE support.
- Detect screen size change dynamically.  This is intended to support
  loss of a terminal and a LOGON RECONNECT using a terminal with
  different screen dimensions.
- Assume square brackets can be rendered natively with x'AD'/x'BD'.
- Improve STAX processing for MVS/370.
- Fix an intermittent S0C4 with REVEDIT line command blocks.
- Fix an S0C4 in REVEDIT with 'C * *' and new string never specified.
- Use userid as 2nd dsname qualifier for UNDO/REDO data set when
  the prefix is not equal to the userid.  This will stop other users
  with your prefix hogging your UNDO/REDO and CONDENSE data sets.
  (CONDENSE is used by the 'Z' action in REVLEV.)  And you can now tell
  which users are making such data sets under your high-level qualifier.
- Use Merge Sort instead of Bubble Sort for member name and TTR sorts,
  reducing an initial display of 'REV ISPPLIB F' from minutes in some
  cases to sub-second.  (Sorts of other member attributes still use
  Bubble Sort because the field to be sorted is not fixed.  REVLEV
  uses Merge Sort when sorting the data set name list.)
- Add repeated-symbol optimization for triple-plane symbol graphics.
- Upgrade the 'N' (member rename) action code dialog screen I/O.
 
 
R43.1 changes:
- Prevent QSAM I/O error during REVEDIT COPY from crashing off the
  whole REVIEW/RFE environment by adding EROPT=ACC to the DCB so
  that the abend is considered recoverable by the SYNAD exit.
- Add a member selection list for REVEDIT COPY from a PDS and no
  member name specified.  (This was the chief source of the QSAM I/O
  errors mentioned above.)
- Report MEMBER NOT FOUND instead of S013-18 for REVEDIT COPY from
  a PDS when the specified member is not present.
- Verify that the UNDO/REDO data set does not exist at the start
  of a REVEDIT session before allocating it.  If it does exist then
  report REVVEDIT#.BACKUP NOT REUSED (where # is the screen number)
  instead of DYNALLOC feedback codes.  It is up to the user to decide
  if the data in the pre-existing data set should be used for recovery.
  Any such recovery may well involve manually editing a copy of the
  recovery file member and shifting all of the data 12 columns to the
  left.
- Do similar for the CONDENSE data set, except that the message is
  ABORTED - CONDENSE FILE EXISTS.  It is up to the user to decide
  if the data in the pre-existing data set should be used for recovery.
  Any such recovery would probably involve using the REVLPDS program.
- Handle full DIV when loading data from REVCATCH - was getting S0C4.
  ("REVCATCH" refers to the way line mode TSO data is taken from
  SYSOUTTRAP and loaded into DIV for fullscreen scrollable browsing.
  Look at the REVLISTC CLIST to see an example.)
 
 
R43.2 fixes the UCB address acquisition from the TIOT which became
a bug with the 31-bit addressing conversion and which can cause an
S0C4 abend.
 
 
R43.3 fixes the display of prompting panels when running as an
ISPF application.
 
 
R43.4 completes the support necessary to process VTOCs on EAV
and data sets residing in EAS which have format-8 and format-9
DSCBs replacing the format-1 DSCB.
 
 
R43.5 fixes more AMODE-31 glitches and adds the data set name to
open file details in the display produced by the 'TCB'/'RB' command.
REVHIST has been rewritten to use the full Binder dialog API in all
cases, and is now called under z/OS for PDS load modules as well as
PDSE and HFS program objects.  **-RED ALERT-** Also fixed is the
REVEDIT data corruption of edited data by a CHANGE ALL command which
caused some data bytes to be overlaid with x'FF' when using a data
space to back the data.  Sessions on pre-ESA levels of MVS were not
affected.
 
 
R43.6 fixes a S0C4 abend when the 'OPERANDS' or 'MSGID' operand of
FSHELP was used.  This was exposed when running with AMODE=31.
 
 
 
R44 notes
 
R44.B rolls up changes from 43.6 onwards.                 2012-October
It is an MVS/370-only OCO beta or early release prior to GA.
 
Apart from bug fixes, the main changes include:
- A new 'SETUNZ' command to specify the file attributes, thereby
  overriding the information in the ZIP file directory entry.
- Changes to the way member lists scroll after member selection.
- Using PDS subcommands to produce displays for the 'H' and 'M'
  selection code processing of load modules (via the REVUSPDS CLIST).
- Adding the 'BOUNDS' primary command in REVEDIT.
- Show data in out-of-bounds columns in blue in REVEDIT.
- Adding the 'TE' line command for text entry in REVEDIT.
- Adding the 'CUT' and 'PASTE' primary commands to REVEDIT.
- Recovering from PDS directory I/O errors during INFO processing,
  which includes the data set Delete function in REVLEV (data set list).
- Adding the 'M' action code to REVLEV (data set list).
- Adding LEFT/RIGHT scrolling in REVLEV (data set list) so that all
  information columns can be viewed on insufficiently wide screens.
 
The 'BRVS' (or 'B' for short) undocumented operand has been added
to the REVIEW command.  Its use is intended to allow the browsing
of virtual storage. When specified, the required first positional
(data set name) operand is ignored.  The data is displayed under
the heading of ACTIVE, as per IPCS.  About all it is currently
good for is browsing the in-core MVS/370 nucleus.
 
The following z/OS-only fixes were introduced into the code base:
- For program PDSE directory displays, the member name operand of
  primary commands is now folded to upper case if there are no
  lower case characters in any of the member names.
- For UNIX directory displays, the entries read from a directory
  are now always sorted before display.  Previously, if the SORT
  order was "sort by name" no sorting was performed, which could
  lead to an out-of-order display depending on subdirectory MOUNT
  points, leading in turn to unexpected behaviour for LOCATE commands.
Actually, the term "z/OS-only" really means "MVS/ESA or later".
 
 
R44.0 is the first R44 GA release - with source code.     2014-January
 
REVIEW now incorporates a GIF decoder which adds GIF files to the
PCX and BMP file formats that can be decoded and displayed on 3270
graphics terminals.  Interlaced and animated GIFs are supported.
Only one cycle of the animation is currently shown.  NEWTOP can
be used to manually trigger another cycle.
 
When programmed symbols are used for graphics, REVIEW prefers to
load the code points into the internal screen buffer from which
the 3270 data stream is built.  This allows 3270 compression logic
to also be applied to graphics data, and reduces the number of
TPUTs issued.  This scheme does not work well when the pictures are
large enough to require more code points than all read/write
storages can provide.  The logic to build the 3270 data stream for
these large pictures has probably been broken in this release, but
hopefully it will be fixed in due course.
 
REVIEW 'ACTIVE'
will now cause the current contents of virtual storage in your TSO
session address space to be browsed.  EQUATE and DROP commands have
been added.  LEFT and RIGHT are repurposed in this mode to control
jumping through the storage address trace table.  LPA and JPA loaded
modules, as well as (under z/OS) nucleus control sections are
automatically defined as usable symbols.  LOC/LIST now understands
storage addresses specified much like as is done in TSO TEST.
The symbol name 'X' can be used for the current location, as per IPCS.
'%' and '?' can be used in the field preceding each storage word.
No support for "above the bar" storage currently exists.
 
The 'BRVS' operand mentioned above has been scrapped.
 
Browsing z/OS UNIX zip files is now supported.
 
Not mentioned under R43 above is the vertical scroll bar.
When not running as an ISPF application, and when the PDS member list
is more than a screenful, column 80 contains an indicator of the
vertical scroll location of the member list.
 
In response to a request, member scrolling is now a bit different.
Firstly, the member list scrolls less.  The cursor is placed beside
the member just processed, but that member's jump dot is blanked,
so <enter> will just restore the cursor to home.  This should mean
that all members will always be visible when they can all fit in
a single screenful.
 
 
